OK
I am grateful to you for saving me.
But one thing is one thing
The house is so messy now
Doing nothing all day
I'm going out to find a job
Just because there are so many things going on right now
So you have to rest well.
Besides, you are pregnant now
What's wrong with pregnancy
Do you look down on women?
Don't think I'm your woman
You can control me
I want it to happen for myself too
What do you want?
I heard that the Emperor Fund was difficult to settle down
And now hiring
I plan to interview
Again
I also worked as a manager at Ouyang's house before
What's wrong with you going to the Emperor Fund?
What's the problem?
No problem no problem
Something happened to the shopkeeper.
What's the matter? Sister Ning left Ouyang's house at night
Said to meet this man
Our people are ineffective in dissuading
When I first caught up, I found
He's been stunned.
Was dragged to the car and disappeared without a trace
What!